Alright, so there are three real basic types
of naps to use when you're doing stage combat.
The first one we're going to go over is the
attacker nap. Now, I'm going to be the attacker
so that means I'm going to be throwing the
punch or slapping Shaun here. I'll demonstrate
with a slap because that's the first kind
of attack we'll go over later on, but usually
these kinds of naps can be used for slaps,
punches, any kind of hitting that you can
think of. Even if you have like a basic weapon
like a club or something, a lot of times you
can use this type of attack or nap. So, if
I was going to attack Shaun here with a slap,
what I would first do first establish our
distance, then I would make eye contact with
Shaun to let him know that I'm going to attack
him. Now, when I go into the nap and I start
to hit him, I'm going to wind up, remember
when you're practicing this always make sure
it's a quarter speed. You want it really slow
and I can't stress that enough to make sure
it's slow and make sure you know what you're
doing before you start to speed it up. So
I'm going to go way back and what I'm going
to do is when I'm right about here you always
want it lower, remember that frame we want
our nap lower than his, I'm going to go low
because ultimately you can hide this from
your audience that you're doing this in front
of. If it's lower you have your bodies to
hide it depending on the positioning. You're
going to come low and what I'm doing is I'm
just clapping right here with my own hand.
So when I do that I'm going to hit and then
keep going and Shaun is going to react. He
is 50% of this performance, because he's getting
hit. So, again a little bit faster; shoulders,
eye contact, shoulders, eye contact and there
we go. Now, I did it slower so the nap wasn't
really loud. We'll do it one more time, you
ready to go a little faster? Okay, so this
is what we're going to do, shoulders, eye
contact, back, there you and Shaun reacted
perfectly. That is the attacker nap demonstrated
with a slap.